		Sprinkler Precipitation Modeler
Copyright (C) 2012 Isaac Dunham

Currently, there is one program that will take data on sprinkler 
precipitation and generate a graphical model of precipitation, 
given a specified sprinkler spacing.
The aforesaid program (SPACE/Hyper-SPACE/SPACE-Pro from Fresno State) 
is closed-source, available by purchase only, and also only supports 
Windows.  

Since I use Debian GNU/Linux, I want a *nix-compatible program; as a 
university student aiming for employment outside academia, I want gratis 
software; as a tinkerer who always wants to understand stuff, I want libre
software.  Additionally, I understand the advantages of FOSS in terms of
practical utility.

I hope to implement a free replacement for SPACE.  
It will be written in Python + NumPy, because it seems easy to me,
I understand Python better than anything else, and because NumPy 
handles the arrays I'm using pretty well.

LICENSE:
    Copyright (C) 2012 Isaac Dunham <idunham@mail.csuchico.edu)

    This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
    modify it under the terms of the GNU Library General Public
    License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either
    version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

    This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
    Library General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU Library General Public
    License along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software
    Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA  02110-1301  USA

Alternatively, as provided by the terms of the LGPL, you may use the GPL
(either version 2, or, at your option, any later version).
Please contact the author if none of these options are suitable for you.

ROADMAP
0.0*:
-Fill an array with depth data based on hard-coded table
-Generate array for multiple sprinklers in squares
0.1*:
-Input from file: CSV table for sprinkler deposition
-Output to file/stdout: graphics of multiple sprinklers
0.2*:
-Variable file names
-No data hardcoded
-Rectangular spacing?
0.3*:
-Add PRF support (SPACE sprinkler data)?
-Bugfixes
-UI changes?
-Add support for staggered/trianagular spacing?
1.0: should have all of above working well

STATUS
Pseudocode has been written (see doc/overview).

0.01 implemented: fill array representing sprinkler precipitation with hardcoded input data
0.02 implemented: adding arrays works.

0.10 implemented: matplotlib used for graphics
0.10a: bugfixes
0.11 implemented: scipy interpolation (makes catchment data more flexible)
0.12 implemented: Use CSV files (currently hardcoded to "data.csv")

0.20 implemented: Use tkFileDialog & Tkinter for a file selection dialog (instead of data.csv)
	  -Tkinter is needed for a hackaround to Tk's limitations
	(dialogs cannot be destroyed, so must create a window,
	run the dialog as its child, and destroy the parent window)
0.21 implemented: Rectangular spacing
		  Window choice fixes 
		   (will allow calculating application rate stats)

TODO:
0.2x-0.3x:	Calculate CU, DU, average rate
	Add label support to PlotSprinkler
	Staggered spacing?
	Use PRF format from SPACE?
	-Will require entry of parameters like spacing;
	pressure must be considered in the PRF dialogs
	Main window (will pass root window as parameter to file selection dialogs)
	Write-out statistics (and perhaps a spreadsheet of data...)?

